there was a black bear under the tree.
I ate horse meat.
there was a red dog.
there was a man.
there is a cat.
I was young and carefree.
I only wore jeans and a hoodie.
in a far off land, there lived a young prince.
I was a little kid.
there was a boy who lived in a well.
I was a totally different person you can't even imagine.
I was trapped by black hole.
there was a small kingdom.
there was a princess. 
there was a black cat with 13 white stripes.
there was a rabbit living in a forest.
there was a temple.
I floated down a river in a cup.
I found a croissant in my wallet.
I fell into the park from the sky.
I came across a flamingo riding a unicorn fighting a crocodile.
I was eating donuts in my palace's swimming pool.
I lost my broom in Shanghai.
there was a black bear under the tree.
I ate horse meat.
there was a red dog.
there was a man.
there is a cat.
I was young and carefree.
I only wore jeans and a hoodie.
in a far off land, there lived a young prince.
I was a little kid.
there was a boy who lived in a well.
I was a totally different person you can't even imagine.
I was trapped by black hole.
there was a small kingdom.
there was a princess. 
there was a black cat with 13 white stripes.
there was a rabbit living in a forest.
there was a temple.
I floated down a river in a cup.
I found a croissant in my wallet.
I fell into the park from the sky.
I came across a flamingo riding a unicorn fighting a crocodile.
I was eating donuts in my palace's swimming pool.
I lost my broom in Shanghai.
they lived happily ever after.
there was a frog in a green suit.
a sleepy hedgehog woke up from a deep slumber to the smell of bacon and eggs.
there was a puppy.
there is a little dog called Swan.
I ate a whole baguette.
I was in an ICM class
There was a tiny kitten
Someone discovered cow milk.
Ellen's ICM Thursday class went on a field trip to the quarry, seeking interesting rocks and potentially, treasure.
A robot lost on his way back home. 
there lived a dog.
in a desert far, far away, a lizard named Lindsay wanted to move out of the her dusty old town for a change of scenery.
a young hippopotamus loved to swim up and down the river every morning. 
there was a magical kingdom.
world was ruled by dogs.
there was a green cat.
there was a gigantic cushion outside
there was a hungry porcupine
everyone was quarantined.
there were pigeons hanging out on the windowsill of every ITP classroom.
there is a dolphin.
there was a little dog and he ate some carrots
I drank the coffee
there was a bunny that had a scrumptious dinner in her burrow.
there was a young prince named Boji who was both deaf and mute
there is a princess
a man put on a hat. The rest is history.
I had the lobster dinner
there was a warrior in a desolate battlefield full of carcass and grief.
a flood came and submerged the great geopolitical powers on Earth
when the world is a whole 
I was happy
my phone fell in the train tracks.
a kid started a journey in the sea and got lost.
there lived an old man.
I got One Night Only tickets for Harry Styles at UBS!!!
There was a bear with no home, no food, and no place to go. she wanted more but had nothing to start with
I got a second chance as a slime
a dog ran over a fence and chased a brown baby cow.
I went to the store
in a far away land
things were not this complicated.
in a land called Jude
there were no more mosquitoes and instead of itching, I slept at night.
there was town
there was a frog that lounged upon a lily pad in a botanical garden, watching the tourists lazily walk by.
there was a dog that rolled his tennis ball under the couch. 
there was a lil guy who wanted to sit near a pond. 
I woke up and it was Tuesday 
there was a cat who opened up a tamal shop and saved Christmas.
a cat walked into a store and bought some Korean tuna. 
I used to like carrot 
there was a prince
magic happened.
seven leagues under the ocean
a bottomless cup that held water existed.
there was a kid
an android farmer shucked some corn on her porch, dreaming of what her crops might taste like.
there was a student that did her homework with her dog in her lap. 
I thought I was an alien.
I lost my phone in the subway
that same cat was arrested for money laundering 
a bird pecked me and laughed an evil laugh about it.
there was a dragon in my place
there lived a great frog
there was an egg without a shell.
there wassnow
there was a single pixel
there was a sheep living on a bright green hill. 
Once upon a time there was an old man lived in this town.
in Hollywood
Once upon a time, a dog dies.
no one was doing anything anywhere. There wasn't anyone there anyway. 
There is a kind ofpink ants that taste juicy like raspberry.
there was a kid called crayon shinchan lived with his mom, dad, sister, and dog called shiro~
there was a boy
Once upon a time, in a village tucked away in the countryside, a young farmer named Ethan discovered an ancient map that promised unimaginable treasures hidden deep within the unexplored wilderness.
I met my future nemesis
the streets looked like a person
there was sun
there was the idea of something
rain fell sharply over the rooftops and over the ground below.
Once upon a time a young man visited an old man who lived in this house.
no more
Once upon a time, a dog barks at Dave's door in the morning.
A small monkey started working on his phd about cleaning out little dust particles off of fruit
the sun is flooded with diet coke.
there was a white cat lived in the forest on her own and cooked everyday~
there was a girl
Once upon a time, there's a girl named Lily who lived in a cottage nestled amidst a vibrant meadow, surrounded by blooming flowers and singing birds.